From: Michael Cherkassoff [mcherkas@maplesoft.com]
Sent: October 30, 2003 11:49
To: bruno.salvy@inria.fr; lbernard@maplesoft.com;
jgerhard@maplesoft.com; mikec@maplesoft.com
Subject: conference minutes.

Hi,

as usual feel free to correct me.

Michael.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
J: Can the timings be fixed by putting the bottlenecks into the kernel?

B: It is not clear yet where the bottlenecks are. One of the things that 
needs attention is collect. Need profiling to get clearer picture.

Not too many tests return more complicated answers. The definition of Order
is a bit different in the newseries. Will never return less than one 
meaningful term. Have the option to ask for exactly Order terms (unlike
current series).

Right now have about 150 test failures - these are only stests, the tester
tests have not been tried yet.

J: We can't replace the series at this moment in the current state.

B: Agreed. May point users to newseries as an option.

L: On the other hand we don't want to confuse users with different series.
(Don't want to create an impression of one not being good enough).
Will document a new package, but not advertise it (in What's new).

J: Will put a Multiseries package in.

B: Adding an option to existing series is probably not good. Need to rewrite
pieces of library (e.g. evalf/int) to take advantage of newseries directly.
May be a major project.

L: These decisions are to be made later.

B: It is good to change names of new... to just ..., leaving them local
for Multiseries. User will then replace old ones with new by issuing 
with(Multiseries).

Integrate Multiseries to main to allow future work.

J: Will do.

B: Some changes to library may have to be undone

L: How long would it take?

B: Don't know.

J & L: In this case won't integrate any library changes besides
Multiseries - no need to undo. Can continue work in Inria sandbox.

L: New deadline November 7th - to have Multiseries ready to go. Test
failures should not be a problem as there is only one.

L: newseries should be flexible to piecewise/proviso/generic/single
approach being discussed once again now. Hints are not used anymore in int
and probably should not in series.

B: There is a change to evalc/RootOf in the library essential for the new
series to work. Can be integrated standalone. Will think whether there are
any others.

J: Date for the next conference - Beginning/Mid December. Will discuss
progress by email.

L: When the spec for needed changes in kernel is to be expected?

B: First need to work on library improvements in efficiency and to determine
what exactly necessary to move to kernel. 

B: What is the progress on printing support for new DAG?

J: Will talk to Paul D.

J: What is the status of Toric Ideals assesment with Frederic?

B: Frederic dissapeared, will nail him down.
